Sentence correction (#8663)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-faq.md

The smart card emulation feature of Windows Hello for Business verifies the PIN and then discards the PIN in exchange for a ticket.  The process does not receive the PIN, but rather the ticket that grants them private key operations.  Windows 10 does not provide any Group Policy settings to adjust this caching.

## Can I disable the PIN while using Windows Hello for Business?

> No. The movement away from passwords is accomplished by gradually reducing the use of the password.  In the occurrence where you cannot authenticate with biometrics, you need a fall back mechanism that is not a password.  The PIN is the fall back mechanism.  Disabling or hiding the PIN credential provider will disable the use of biometrics.

Reviewer: The proposed change is good in itself. There is, however, a misuse of the word "fallback" in the form of "fall back" which turns into an adverb or verb when splitting the noun "fallback" in two. This does not fit with the sentence, if the grammar is intended to be correct.
```suggestion
No. The movement away from passwords is accomplished by gradually reducing the use of the password.  In the occurrence where you cannot authenticate with biometrics, you need a fallback mechanism that is not a password.  The PIN is the fallback mechanism.  Disabling or hiding the PIN credential provider will disable the use of biometrics.
```
